--- Anthem ---

1. Check nmap > Ports 80, and 3389 (ms-wbt-server) are open.
2. Seeing the port 80 open, we can say it must be a website. Visiting the website, we can see that it's a blog. Let's check the
   robots.txt file. It gives us a text "UmbracoIsTheBest!" which seems like a password. Also the disallow section mentions an
   interesting entry "umbraco" which is a CMS.
3. The blog reveals the domain of the website which is "anthem.com".
4. The post titled "A cheers to our IT department" says that there is a poem to appreciate the admin of the website who redesigned the
   entire website. Searching for the poem on Google reveals the name of the admin which is "Solomon Grundy".
5. The post titled "We are hiring" mentions an email address that is "jd@admin.com" and the author's name is "Jane Doe". As our admin's
   name is "Solomon Grundy", we can guess his email address is "sg@anthem.com".
6. Let's find the flags hidden on the website. The source page of any page gives us the 2nd flag inside the section for search that is
   "THM{G!T_G00D}".
7. The source page of the post titled "A cheers to our IT department" gives us the 1st flag
   inside the meta that is "THM{L0L_WH0_US3S_M3T4}".
8. The source page of the post titled "A cheers to our IT department" gives us the 4th flag inside the meta that is "THM{AN0TH3R_M3TA}".
9. The author's page of Jane Doe gives us the 3rd flag that is "THM{L0L_WH0_D15}".
10. As port 3389 is open, let's try to login using RDP using the "rdesktop $IP" command with username "sg" and the password
    "UmbracoIsTheBest!" we got before and we're in. The Desktop folder gives us the user.txt flag.
11. Let's escalate our privilege as root. There's a hidden directory named "backup" inside the C: directory. And there's a txt file
    "restore.txt" inside the backup folder. But we don't have the permission to view it. Let's give our current user "SG "the permission
    to view the file and it reveals a password "ChangeMeBaby1MoreTime" which might be our admin's password.
12. If we visit the C:\Users directory, we can find another user named "Administrator". Let's view the folder using the password we got
    from the previous step. Therefore, we get the root.txt flag inside the Desktop folder.

--- Enjoy ---
