--- tomghost ---

1. Check nmap > Ports 22, 53, 8009 (ajp13), and 8080 (Tomcat) are open.
2. Seeing the port 8080 open, we can say it must be a website. Visiting the website gives us the Apache Tomcat default page which shows
   the Tomcat version. Let's search for "Tomcat" on ExploitDB and we get an interesting entry "Apache Tomcat - AJP 'Ghostcat' File
   Read/Inclusion (Metasploit)".
3. Let's open Metasploit using the msfconsole command. Searching for "ghostcat" we get our desired entry. Using this exploit, we get
   a user:pass credential.
4. As port 22 is open this credential might be for SSH. Let's SSH into the server using the credential. We get two files > "credential.pgp"
   and "tryhackme.asc". 
   > .pgp and .asc are file extensions used for encrypted files. 
   > .pgp files are encrypted files created with PGP, a popular encryption tool used for secure email communication and file encryption,
     which uses a combination of symmetric-key and public-key encryption. 
   > .asc files are encrypted files created using GnuPG, an open-source alternative to PGP, that converts binary data into ASCII characters
     using ASCII armor, allowing data transmission without any loss of information.
5. The user.txt flag is in the /home/merlin directory and only the user merlin can read it. So, let's try to use those keys. First, import
   the tryhackme.asc file using "gpg --import tryhackme.asc" command. Now if we try to decrypt credential.pgp using the command
   "gpg --decrypt credential.pgp", we see that a passphrase is needed which we don't have. We must crack it. Let's transfer the file
   "tryhackme.asc" using scp to our local machine.
6. Using gpg2john and john gives us the passphrase. Now, step 5 using the passphrase gives us the credential for the user merlin which
   gives us the user.txt flag.
7. Now let's escalate our shell as root. Doing "sudo -l" says that the current user may run "zip" command as sudo. GTFO has an entry for
   zip. Using that gives us root shell and root.txt flag.

--- Enjoy ---